[Noah] Previously on The Affair...
Author of the best-selling
novel. Descent.
soon to be made into a
major motion picture.
Noah Solloway.
People know my movies. and
they see me as this. um.
you know. this action hero.
this sort of modern-day James Bond.
But that's all an act. of course.
I mean. that's not who I am.
But this book. this is me.
So what's your plan to make money?
Ugh. I don't know.
His visa's about to expire.
so no one will hire him.
I just wanted to say I
think it's so awesome
that you're my dad's girlfriend.
Can I trouble you for another drink?
[scoffs] Of course. Coming right up.
[Noah] There's something wrong with him.
He's losing his memory. He thinks
I'm still married to Helen.
He thinks I own this place.
[exhales] I need to leave.
Come in.
Vik. this is your son.
This is Eddie.
[Eddie coos softly]
Are you with the studio?
[scoffs] No.
S-So you're...
Helen.
I lost my partner a few
months ago. [crying]
Oh. my God.
Just breathe.
- I lost someone. too.
- [Paul] Where are you gonna stay?
Dad's place.
[Paul] Is that a good idea?
♪ I was screaming into the canyon ♪
♪ At the moment of my death ♪
♪ The echo I created ♪
♪ Outlasted my last breath ♪
♪ My voice it made an avalanche ♪
♪ And buried a man I never knew ♪
♪ And when he died. his widowed bride ♪
♪ Met your daddy and they made you ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the wave
that I am. and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the wave
that I am. and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the wave
that I am. and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean.
sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the o... ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
- _
- [school bell ringing]
[Petra] The early reviews
are really good.
[Noah] So I hear. I. uh.
I try not to pay attention
to those things.
I have to admit. I wasn't
such a fan of Descent.
although. clearly. the
book didn't suffer
from lack of fans. but...
The Autobiography of Jack Hunter.
it really moved me.
It's a much more vulnerable.
mature piece of writing.
Thanks.
I mean. I... I wrote it in prison
partly just to. uh. keep
myself from going insane.
So just to get it published
at all is gratifying. and...
You were in prison for killing
your brother-in-law. right?
Uh. my. uh. ex-wife's
brother-in-law. yeah.
But there's plenty of stuff
out there about that.
I-I really don't want to
- make this about...
- No. no. no. It's just...
ten years ago you were
a public school teacher
living in Brooklyn.
and then one summer. you wrote a novel
that was an overnight sensation.
You left your wife and family.
you married your mistress.
you became suddenly famous and...
I don't know. let's say you drank
a little bit of your own Kool-Aid.
You became increasingly arrogant.
self-absorbed. reckless.
until one fateful night
on the dark roads of Montauk.
you hit someone and fled
the scene of the crime...
I'm going somewhere with this.
I hope so.
You had an enormous fall from grace.
You went to prison. you served time.
you... lost everything.
And now you're out.
you've gone back to teaching
underprivileged kids.
you have moved to be
closer to your family.
You seem to be living a quiet life now.
You've come full circle.
So would you say that the redemption
of Noah Solloway is complete?
[chuckles softly]
Um...
Uh. y-you read the book. y-you tell me.
That seems like a perfect place to stop.
I'm really excited about this piece.
People love a comeback story.
When will they run it. do you know?
Well. it's not up to me. but. um.
they're hoping to time it with
the release of your movie.
Your book is coming out
around then. too. isn't it?
That's right.
It's quite a year you're having.
Oh. um. one more thing.
Are you seeing anyone?
Our readers will want to know.
Uh... no.
No. not at the moment.
Really? That surprises me.
Yeah. well. I guess that's. uh.
that's one piece of the puzzle
I haven't quite figured out yet.
There's still time.
Oh. I should probably turn this off.
You still use those things?
I thought young reporters these days
just used their iPhone.
Well. I'm not that young.
and the batteries on these
things last longer.
The last time I saw one.
I was interviewing
a friend in Freshman Psych.
Oh. you know. speaking of friends.
could I call some of them?
You know. to round out the picture?
Who is Noah Solloway. the man?
- Uh. sure. Of course.
- [door closes]
[Joel] I can do that.
I can... talk... for the article.
You're Petra Ranes. I love your work.
I-I read everything you write.
[Petra] Oh. thanks. Uh. who are you?
I'm the principal. actually.
Of this. uh. school.
But we're also friends.
And I'm a novelist. too.
so we have that whole
- simpatico thing going. and...
- You know what?
I-I'll. uh. I'll think
of a couple of names
- and get back to you.
- Great.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you.
Vanity Fair?
Wow.
This is gonna be big for you.
- We'll see.
- I mean. this is...
top-tier literary recognition.
That's rarified air.
You want to go out? Celebrate tonight?
Talk about our craft?
Uh. no. I got to. um.
I got to have dinner with my daughter.
and then I'm gonna be on
set till-till late. so...
"I'm gonna be on set."
Jesus. man. Who are you?
It's okay. I stay up
late. I'll call you.
I mean. I got to buy a beer
for the man who has it all.
Maybe.
[indistinct chatter]
[soft piano music playing]
Is Colin coming.
- or should we just order?
- Uh. no.
He'll be here. He just...
When he works. he can get carried away.
lose track of time.
I can't believe you're getting married.
I know. Me either.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
- How's work?
- Work's fine.
Whit.
Is something wrong?
I don't want to pry.
but you seem kind of.
- I don't know.
- I'm just tired. Dad.
I-I have to be at the gallery
by seven every morning.
We don't have air conditioning
'cause Andrea's too cheap.
It's hot as hell and. you
know. I'm doing everything:
I-I hang the art. I man the
phones. I keep the books.
All she does is check her
Raya profile and freak out.
What's a...? Never mind.
So you don't like this job?
I mean. it beats copy editing Art Forum.
Well. maybe you could
find another gallery
where the boss is a
little more reasonable.
I can't quit. We need the money.
Colin still can't work 'cause
of his visa situation. so...
Well. would it help if
I gave you the money.
- just to...
- Oh. no. Thanks. Dad.
That's-that's not it. It's just that...
like. when I come home
from a long day of work
and I just want to. you know.
have a glass of wine and
watch The Kardashians.
I can't because Colin's
all over me to study.
- Study?
- Yeah. for his immigration interview.
You know. they put us in separate rooms.
and if we don't get every
single question perfectly.
Colin doesn't get his citizenship.
Oh. hold on. hold on. Thank you.
[chuckles]
What?
You remind me of your mother.
Because I'm an alcoholic?
No.
'Cause you're so beautiful.
Thanks.
Whitney...
this marriage thing. you don't
have to do it. you know.
It seems rushed.
Yeah. but actually. Dad. I
do. because if I don't.
then Colin has to leave the country.
Well. not forever. right?
I mean. maybe that's for the best.
He can go home. he can
establish himself there.
and then apply for citizenship
on his own merit.
What are you talking about? I'm
not gonna let him get deported.
I-I love him.
I just...
I don't think it's supposed
to be this hard. Whitney.
You are so young.
It's too early to be this hard.
I don't know if you
remember. Mr. Big Shot.
but you were a struggling
artist once. too.
Mom didn't leave you.
I mean. you left her
20 years later. but...
Whitney. I... I had a job.
I was a teacher.
I never let your mother support me.
Look. I'm not saying
- he's not a good guy...
- [Colin] Sorry.
- Sorry. Mr. Solloway.
- Hi.
- Whit. How you doing?
I got a bit lost in the work. [sniffs]
Have we ordered?
No. Here.
Here you go.
Oh. thanks.
Do they do vegan?
[phone ringing]
- Hi.
- [Janelle] Hi.
Long time.
Um... I know. At least a month. right?
It's three. actually.
Has it been three months? Wow.
Time really does fly when you're busy.
Why are you calling. Janelle?
I feel badly about the way
things ended between us.
You mean. when you disappeared
after my ex-wife's boyfriend's funeral
and then never returned my calls?
Yes. I'd actually like to
explain some things in person.
Are you free tonight?
Uh... it'd have to be pretty late.
I don't mind waiting up.
[Sasha] What am I gonna do?
I can't stop thinking about you.
[Pru] I like you.
I like everything about you.
[Sasha] I could be
wanted in four states.
- Helen.
- Shh!
[Pru] I'll take my chances.
[Sasha] We don't know
anything about each other.
I am never gonna leave my wife.
I don't expect you to.
[Sasha] And she can never find out.
[Pru] I understand.
[Sasha] You still want to do this?
[Pru] Yes.
And cut.
- [woman] All right.
- Wasn't that great?
- [indistinct chatter]
- They're so great together.
Wh-Why are you here?
- You come... You looking for me?
- Oh...
Oh. no. Uh. I might have a...
sort of a work opportunity here.
What? On the movie?
No-no-no-no-no. just through
people connected with the movie.
I don't want to say too much about it.
in case it doesn't happen.
How was dinner with.
uh. Colin and Whitney?
It was fine.
She looks kind of exhausted.
though. don't you think?
I mean. burning the candle at both ends.
Well. she's trying to climb the ladder.
Hate seeing her like this.
Actually. I think. for the
first time in her life.
she's acting like an adult.
But if you want to freak
out about something.
you can freak out about the fact
that she wants to get married
at my parents' house.
and. uh. they're trying to sell it.
Wait. your parents are selling?
- That's what I hear.
- Why?
I don't know. I can't
get a straight answer
out of my mother. Like. my father made
some bad business investments.
which really doesn't sound like him.
- So I'm...
- Helen.
- I don't really know.
About your father...
[Sasha] Just the man I need to see.
Noah Solloway. quick word?
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
Walk with me.
Sorry. Don't go anywhere.
Uh. I'm here.
[sighs]
I just think we need to
make some decisions. Noah.
about who this character really is.
Okay.
[exhales] In that last scene.
Daniel tells Lana that
he's never gonna leave his wife. Okay?
Now. does he say that
because he's a fundamentally good man
who's trying to be honest about
what he has to give her?
Or... does he say that as
some sort of manipulation.
so that she will think
whatever happens next
is actually her own fault?
I mean... the first one.
Because what I just did now.
I shot it both ways so I
can decide in editing.
but I'm not gonna shoot
the whole fucking movie like that.
I want to stop doing that tomorrow.
And I know what I think
is more interesting.
but. I mean. you're the writer.
Well. I mean. he's a. he's a.
he's a good man.
He's-he's a family man. He's never done
anything like this before.
and he's-he's just
swept up in something
beyond his control.
Okay. [inhales]
Which reminds me.
we haven't talked about the ending.
What about it?
I think it might be worth revisiting.
I mean. it's. it's all
connected. you see.
What ending would you like?
What if...
he went back to his wife?
Why would he do that?
If he's undone. as you
say. by transgression...
He can't just [chuckling]
go back to his wife.
That's the whole point.
He-He's-he's destroyed everything.
It's Butch Cassidy.
it's Thelma & Louise.
He can't go back. he's... he
has to keep going further.
until there's nowhere left to go.
[laughs]
Oh. my God.
you're just such a moralist. aren't you?
I mean...
everyone has to pay for their crimes.
It's so puritanical and
so adorably American.
[sighs]
Listen. if it's too much
of a left turn. I totally understand.
I mean. you've been
thinking of this one way
- for a very. very long time.
- Okay. good.
So you don't mind if I
take a pass myself?
With the script?
Just the scenes for tomorrow.
No. that-that's...
- that's my job.
- Yes. it is.
So you'll do it?
Well. I think it works as it is.
You do?
Uh...
Okay. I'll take another look.
Great.
That's why it's so fucking great
to have the writer on set.
They're usually never here.
And now. if you'll excuse me.
I have to go and get
undressed and have some sex.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
Oh. hi.
Sorry. Me again.
Erica. script supervisor.
Uh. in the sex scene.
how important is the exact wording?
You have scripted all the
"oh. Gods" and the "yeses."
but actors don't always stick to that.
so ca-can they wing it. or...?
Yeah.
No. I mean. I...
I-I don't know.
Okay. [laughs]
It's not especially clear.
Uh. they can... they can do
what they... what they want.
[hypnotic. suspenseful music]
♪♪♪
Um. listen up. people.
Um...
it's been a long day. and we're now down
to a skeleton crew for this
final. intimate scene.
So. as a thank you to all you stalwarts
who've been here since.
like. 6 a.m. this morning.
I'm taking you out tonight for karaoke
and drinks.
- [whoops]
- [crew cheering]
All right. let's shoot some sex.
Can I have my glasses. please?
Thank you.
Listen. I got an idea to
save your parents' place.
- You do?
- Yeah.
How about we move back east?
What... what do you mean?
Well. you came to L.A. for
Vik. I came for the kids.
Neither of us really like it here.
Why don't you sell your
house in the hills
and use the money to buy
your parents' place?
I'm not moving back east.
Why not?
Well. because Trevor and
Stacey are in school here.
and they have friends. and
they're doing really well.
and I actually...
I'm kind of starting to like L.A.
But I thought you hated it.
What changed?
Can I get everyone's attention?
Next up is... love scene.
Love scene equals a closed set.
So if you're not essential personnel.
I'm gonna need you to leave. Thanks.
Did you drive here?
- You need a ride home?
- I'm staying.
But you can't stay. It's
the last scene of the day.
- You're not allowed to watch.
- Yeah. but didn't you hear?
Sasha's taking everyone out to
karaoke after. That sounds fun.
[Lisa] First team's landed!
[hypnotic. suspenseful music]
♪♪♪
[bell ringing]
Okay. this is a closed set.
No. it's not. I got to get...
Fuck.
- Hey.
- Oh. my God!
[woman] Hold the roll!
Is something wrong. man?
You're really not
supposed to be in here.
No. No. it's nothing.
It's just. um. uh. your
accent in that last scene...
- Yeah.
- Just sounded a little British.
- No. it didn't.
- It did. I thought it did.
- Well. it didn't. Get out.
- I thought it did. Okay.
- Get the fuck out.
- Okay.
Sorry. thanks.
♪♪♪
Noah. you came.
Uh...
Oh. that's sweet. but I
have an early morning.
[Noah] What's going on?
I'm. uh... I'm running for school board.
Wow. Really?
Yup. If the system won't change for me.
I'm gonna change the system.
Oh. good.
You came. Hey. so we're all set
for the appearance at
First Baptist tomorrow.
I should go home. shower.
change my shirt.
Give you two
- time to talk.
- [Janelle chuckles]
[Janelle] Thank you for everything.
Ah. of course.
Don't wait up.
- [Janelle chuckles]
- We gonna win this thing?
- [all] Yeah!
- [laughs]
Damn right. Good to see you.
[door opens]
I'll make us some tea.
[spoon clinking in cup]
So. you and Carl?
Yeah. we're back together.
I can see that. How's that working out?
It's wonderful.
I'm really happy.
Good for you.
Is that why you wanted to talk to me?
No. Of course not.
Please sit.
[sighs]
So... [clears throat]
Carl and I were talking. and. uh.
he's really got such a
brilliant mind for this stuff.
And we realized. in
running for the board.
I'm running on my record as a
tough. principled educator
and administrator.
Thing is...
it's important that
that record not get...
muddied.
What. you mean you and me?
As my campaign manager. Carl just...
he-he doesn't love the optics
around our relationship.
given that I was your boss.
So that's why you finally call me?
To make sure I never tell
anyone that we were together?
I feel like this is upsetting you.
You didn't return my calls
for three months. Janelle.
After everything we went
through. you don't think
I deserve some kind of explanation?
I didn't... I didn't know what to say.
Well. you're a fucking
adult. aren't you?
I mean. you couldn't figure it out?
I don't appreciate that language.
- Oh. Jesus Christ.
- Noah. get a grip.
I thought you fucking hated each other.
You could barely be in the same room.
- Things change.
- That's such bullshit.
[scoffs]
Okay. how about this?
I don't actually think I
owe you an explanation.
We dated for a while.
it didn't work out.
And now all I'm asking
is that you keep your
mouth shut so that I can
have a chance to win this campaign
and make a real difference
in the lives of the children
you purport to care so much about.
Okay?
Sure.
Good luck with the campaign.
- Thanks for the tea.
- [sighs]
Noah. wait.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
It's just that...
Carl and I...
have a history.
A child. a whole life.
Yeah. and you broke up
'cause he cheated on you.
What makes you think this time
is gonna be any different?
Because we're different people now.
Look. I think when I was young. I...
I fell in love with his potential.
But now that I've lived
a while. I've learned
to love him for who he actually is.
[car horn blaring in distance]
[Bruce Springsteen's "Tougher
than the Rest" playing]
[indistinct crowd chatter]
[Sasha] ♪ I been watching you a while ♪
♪ Maybe you've been watching me. too ♪
♪ So somebody ran out ♪
♪ And left your heart in a mess ♪
♪ But if you're looking for love ♪
♪ Honey. I'm tougher ♪
♪ Than the rest... ♪
Hey!
Oh. hi!
Isn't he funny?
♪ Or some good-lookin' Joe... ♪
He's a terrible singer.
Yeah. it's horrifying.
♪ On their arm. some girl like
a sweet-talkin' Romeo... ♪
Hey. is there something
you want to tell me?
What? About what?
Oh. my God. you're here!
- Hi.
- Hi. how are you?
- I'm good now.
♪ So if you're rough enough for love ♪
♪ Honey. I'm tougher than the rest ♪
♪ The road is dark ♪
♪ And it's a thin ♪
♪ Thin line ♪
♪ But I want you... ♪
[woman] ♪ Are ringing ♪
♪ For me and my gal... ♪
- What the hell?
- Oh. this.
Uh... this is just vitamin B.
- What are you doing. man?
- Trying to fight a cold.
- With Helen.
- What do you mean?
She just lost someone. okay?
- She's in a very fragile place.
- [stall door opens]
So I think it'd be the
better part of valor...
You're Sasha Mann.
Yeah. last time I checked.
[man] Think I could get a picture?
[Sasha] Why don't we do this?
Why don't you and I share a real moment
where we sort of really
see each other. hmm?
How does that sound?
[clicks]
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
- Look. Sasha...
- You're very competitive.
aren't you? Territorial.
About women especially.
I saw it that morning in the café.
I'm not territorial.
I care about her.
She's the mother of my children.
- She's my best friend.
- [stall door opens]
Whom you lied to. cheated on. and left.
Yet I'm the one she needs
to be protected from.
Look. it's more complicated than that.
Please.
See. this is why
you don't understand the character.
What?
What does that mean?
Noah. you can't see yourself.
and you never could. and that's why
you never get what you want.
Now. are you going to let
me leave the men's room.
or are we going to have a problem?
[door opens]
[Liz Phair's "Divorce Song" playing]
[Helen] ♪ You put in my hands ♪
♪ A loaded gun and then
told me not to fire it ♪
♪ When you did the things
you said were up to me ♪
♪ And then accused me of
trying to fuck it up ♪
♪ But you've never been
a waste of my time ♪
♪ It's never been a drag ♪
♪ So take a deep breath
and count back from ten ♪
♪ And maybe you'll be all right ♪
♪ And the license said you
had to stick around ♪
♪ Until I was dead ♪
♪ But if you're tired
of looking at my face ♪
♪ I guess I already am ♪
♪ But you've never been a... ♪
♪ If you come and be ♪
♪ My sweet baby. mine ♪
♪ Because I... ♪
[crowd whooping]
♪ Ain't got nobody... ♪
[woman] What?
♪ 'Cause nobody cares for me ♪
[song ends]
[applause and cheering]
[indistinct chatter]
Okay. Erica. Erica.
you are next.
Here she comes. All right. Erica.
Let's hear it for Erica. [whoops]
There you go. sweetheart.
- [laughs] Hey. everybody.
- Sorry. man. let me. uh...
Uh. so this song means a lot to me.
- Sorry. Erica. Can I...?
- Oh.
Can I...? You don't mind.
Tom Petty. "Listen to Her Heart."
Okay? Yeah.
- You don't mind. do you?
- No. it's fine. Yeah.
You can go on the next one.
- Sure. Next time.
- Please.
[Tom Petty's "Listen
to Her Heart" playing]
♪ You think you're gonna take her away ♪
♪ With your money and your cocaine ♪
♪ Keep thinkin' that her
mind is gonna change ♪
♪ But I know everything is okay ♪
♪ She's gonna listen to her heart ♪
[mouthing]
♪ It's gonna tell her what to do ♪
♪ She might need a lot of lovin' ♪
♪ But she don't need... ♪
[groans]
What the fuck?
Feeling better?
Oh. my God.
You weren't super specific
about what you wanted.
so I sort of got one of everything.
[Noah] What the...?
How did we...?
What are we doing here?
It was an honor and a privilege
to watch you work.
We're like Kerouac and Burroughs.
Who's who. do you think?
I mean. obviously you're Kerouac.
But I'll take Burroughs.
I'll take that.
Work? What do you mean. work?
You were a surgeon. man.
Wait. what time is it?
Like. six.
Haven't stayed up all
night since college.
It's invigorating.
[shudders]
Here.
- I already paid.
- No. no. it's fine.
See you. man.
Hi. Noah.
So. I'm sorry. but I can't
let you on set today.
What are you talking about?
I guess Mr. Mann wants to limit
the number of people on set
from this point forward.
Just get on your radio
thing and call Mr. Mann
and tell him to come
talk to me face-to-face.
I can't. He's shooting.
Yeah. I know. I-I got a rewrite
for the scene he's shooting right now.
so I need to get it to him.
Oh. that's okay. He already has it.
No. he... What? No. Wha... What?
Yeah. the new pages
came out this morning.
They're shooting them right now.
[hypnotic. suspenseful music]
Okay. you fucking call
him. Call him now.
Call him on the radio now.
Look at me and call...
Call them on the fucking radio now!
Call him now! Fucking call him.
Jesus. this is the fucking rewrite here!
Now get him out here!
- _
- [easy listening music playing]
[Margaret] Excuse me.
This yolk is broken. I'd
like to send it back.
Right away. ma'am.
[exhales]
Does this look moldy to you?
- The napkin?
- You know.
I'm very allergic to mold.
What is that right there?
Uh. it just looks like ketchup.
Can't have mold in my lap.
I'll break out in hives.
Excuse me. Excuse me. please.
Mom. is. is everything okay?
I'm fine. why?
You just seem a little tense.
I'm very worried about you.
I wanted to do something nice for you.
Well. this is a very nice place.
- Thank you.
- Do you think so?
Shirley Divets said it
was the best restaurant
in Los Angeles. but she
hasn't been out of Hyannis
in 30 years. so what does she know?
Excuse me.
How's Dad?
Why do you ask?
Um...
because I know he
doesn't usually like it
when you're away.
And you've been here for a while.
so I'm just wondering how he's doing.
[exhales sharply]
That's actually something I
wanted to discuss with you.
[exhales] I think it's time I go home.
Oh.
Well. I mean. if you think it's time.
I hate the idea of
leaving you here alone
in this extraordinarily
vulnerable state.
Actually. I've been feeling
a little bit better lately.
- So...
- But your father has dementia.
What?
And he's... lost all our money.
- What?
- Excuse me.
- Ma'am?
This napkin is covered in mold.
I'd like another. A clean one.
[waiter] Of course. ma'am.
I'm going to have a talk
with Shirley Divets when I get back.
Tell her she's too old to
be making recommendations.
She thinks. just because she slept
with Warren Beatty in '67.
she's an authority on every...
[stammers] No. no. no. stop.
stop. stop. What... Okay.
What. what do you mean Dad has dementia?
- Alzheimer's. darling. I think.
- Well. how do you know?
He gets confused. he forgets things.
- So do I.
- It's not the same thing.
The other day. he
couldn't find his keys.
So what? I can never find my car keys.
They were in his hand. Helen.
It's just...
he didn't know what they were.
He didn't know what they were for.
Uh. how long has this been going on?
For a while. About a year.
And you didn't tell me?
You had a lot of things to worry about.
Oh. my God. it never ends.
[chuckling] I know.
It feels like that
sometimes. doesn't it?
And w-wait. who is with him now?
- Is he alone?
- Of course not. Helen.
We have a live-in nurse.
Norene. and she's lovely.
And she's very expensive.
I can't afford her.
That's why I have to move back.
[stammers] And. okay. what do you mean
he lost all of your money?
He gave a lot of it away to charity.
which should have been my first clue
there was something seriously wrong.
And he made some idiotic investments.
It's not all gone. mind you.
We just have to be careful.
If worst comes to worst.
we can sell the house.
Oh. my God. Sell the house?
I don't want to. either.
But he needs a lot of care
and I can't manage it on my own.
The money has to come from somewhere.
Unless...
Oh. if you're asking me for money.
I don't have any. Vik left
everything to his parents.
Helen. I'm not asking you for money.
I'm asking you to move back east
and help me take care of him.
It'd be a way to keep the house.
No. but I... the kids...
the kids are in. are in school here.
There are schools on Long Island.
Yes. but they've only
been here a few years.
And to move them back this
soon would just be unfair.
Life isn't fair.
The sooner they understand that.
the less disappointed they'll be.
Just wait.
Your father's dying. Helen.
You give someone the
best years of your life
while they fuck anything with a hole.
and then you finally get
them back. and for what?
The worst years of theirs.
It's definitely not fair.
But I did get one thing from him.
I got you.
I got my girl.
[somber music]
[Eddie crying]
Sierra?
He won't eat.
What do you mean?
I don't. I don't know what's going on.
I mean. first he would only take
my right breast and then
only if we were bouncing.
And now not at all.
Here. [shushes] Eddie?
Okay.
Come on.
Here you go. here.
- [crying]
- [Margaret] Why are you trying
to assault that baby with your breast?
Mom. stop it.
Can I... here. can I
hold him for a minute?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Here you go. Okay. sweetie.
Hi. [shushes]
Hi.
Hi-hi-hi-hi-hi.
Oh. he's hungry.
Yeah. I know. so why won't he eat?
Um. I don't know. Uh.
did you try a bottle?
- Do you have a pump?
- No. no. no bottles.
Oh. for God's sakes. give him a bottle.
You're not living in a cave.
My doula said it would
create nipple confusion.
and then he's gonna reject my breast.
- As he should.
- Okay.
Um. Sierra. he needs to eat.
So. why don't we just
get him some formula
for now and then we'll.
we'll find you a pump.
No. I can't. I can't give him formula.
- Why not?
- Because it leads
to a lifetime of obesity
and eating disorders.
It's better to be plump and civilized
- than raised like a wolf cub.
- Okay.
That's really enough from you. okay?
[crying continues]
Sierra. when's the last time you slept?
I don't know. I... a
day ago. two days ago.
- I don't know.
- All right.
Here's what's gonna happen.
You're gonna lie down
in Stacey's room and you're gonna go out
and get some formula and a bottle.
- No. Helen.
- Yes. Sierra.
One bottle is not gonna do any harm.
He needs to eat and you need to sleep.
So let's just...
let's just fix these problems right now
and then we'll sort out the rest. okay?
- [exhales]
- [Eddie fussing]
Go. just go ahead; it's
right down the hall.
- On your right.
- Okay. thank you.
Mm-hmm.
[Eddie crying]
You. too. Go.
- That woman is a child.
- I know.
Hi.
[door opens]
- Okay.
- [door closes]
- [cries]
- Ah-ah-ah. none of that.
- [stops crying]
- Thank you.
- [babbles]
- Hmm.
[gentle. hypnotic music]
♪♪♪
[softly] Nice work.
You look just like your dad.
[exhales slowly]
[faint chatter on TV]
Don't you guys have homework?
[Trevor] We'll do it later.
[man on TV] You have not met him yet.
[man chuckles on TV]
Is that what you like?
What is this. The Maze?
The Maze 2.
- This time. it's even more personal.
- [snickers]
It's um. yeah. the sequel.
- What?
- How was your date?
- That you went on?
- Uh. sorry. you know.
he thought putting this on
- would make you talk about it.
- With Sasha mother-freaking Mann?
I... told him it was a dumb idea.
It wasn't really a date. you guys.
What is he like?
- Yeah. are you gonna see him again?
- Yeah.
When can I start
telling people that Sasha Mann
- is your boyfriend?
- You can't.
And you can't tweet it or blog it
- or any of that stuff.
- Don't worry. Mom. he won't.
- It's a vlog. [chuckles]
- Okay.
Anyway. I might be done with boyfriends
- for a while.
- [Brooklyn] What?
Well. I've had my share.
They can be exhausting.
I mean. do what you want.
but you are way too hot not to have
- any more boyfriends.
- Gross.
- That's my mom.
- I'm serious.
[Trevor] Stop.
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- [Sasha] Hi.
[on TV] Hi.
Hi.
Uh. uh. how's it going. Sasha... Mann?
What are you doing right now?
Uh. I'm at home. Why?
Well. the thing is. uh.
ever since you came
to my place and-and we spent
that evening together.
I can't stop thinking
about my furniture.
Your furniture?
Yeah. I can't get it out of my head.
I think you're right.
uh. I need more stuff.
I was hoping you'd come by set
and help me make some decisions.
[Margaret] I'm sure you miss it.
- If. if you're not too busy. that is.
- I know you have it on your mind.
You remember how lovely the
summers are out there.
- Don't you?
- Helen. are you there?
Um. I have to deal with something here.
I'll call you back.
They've got a great high school there.
Bridgehampton High. Huge building.
- Very...
- Can I talk to you for a second?
What are you doing? Are you telling him
- we're moving?
- I'm just laying the groundwork.
Please don't do that.
Helen. you can't
uproot them like you did last time.
It's not healthy.
Children have to be prepared
for traumatic events.
I think what we should do
tonight at dinner is talk about
the East Coast in a general kind of way.
You should say how much you miss it.
I'll mention how glorious it is
- this time of year.
- I'm going out.
- [knocking]
- [Sasha] Yeah?
Come on in.
Oh. you came.
I wasn't sure you would.
Uh. yeah. I'm sorry. I
have... things going on.
- I really appreciate you making time.
- Yeah.
Please come on in.
Sit down.
- Um...
- [sighs]
So you need some help
making some decisions?
Yeah. um... thing is.
I moved to Malibu because I was...
grieving and I just needed to get away
from the world and I thought.
if I have nothing.
then I'll have nothing to lose. right?
But then the other night.
uh. after you left. I realized
that time in my life is over.
It-It's passed and I don't need
to live like a monk anymore
to keep order in my head.
I want to feel things again. So...
I took you very seriously.
And I hired a professional.
Um... supposedly
one of the best interior designers
in all of Hollywood.
- Um...
- The trouble is. look.
I really don't like it.
- No. I see what you mean.
- It's totally not
- what I expected.
- It's chaotic.
Yes. it is.
- Um...
- It's too much.
I was thinking...
just. you know. things
with really clean.
simple lines. like a modern
area rug there. maybe.
or. um. or a Noguchi lamp there.
What?
I just had the most brilliant idea.
Why don't you do it?
What? No.
Well. you know what you like
and you obviously have great taste.
Yeah. but I don't... I
have... I don't have...
I'm... my...
And we'd get to spend a
lot of time together.
[quietly] Yeah.
But why?
[chuckles] What do you mean. why?
I mean. there are tons of women.
I'm sure you have tons of women.
You know. famous women.
younger women. taller women
that you-you can... You're...
I'm having a very difficult time
believing that I'm your type.
Uh. that's probably because you
don't have the faintest idea
what my type is because
you categorically refuse
to give me a chance.
[knock on door]
- Yes?
- [woman] Mr. Mann?
- They need you on set.
- Just a second. please.
Um. listen.
I'm taking everybody out tonight
for karaoke and drinks.
Why don't you come. and
we can discuss this...
Okay.
Really?
[laughs] Yes.
[soft. ambient music]
♪♪♪
[Noah] Helen.
Oh. um. hi.
I just... Actually.
it's great you're here.
I was. I was about to call you.
You really need to talk to Whitney
about this whole wedding thing.
Um. uh. okay. What about it?
Well. this-this kid. he's-he's-
he's using her for a green card.
- He doesn't work. he doesn't...
- I don't think so.
I mean. I think he loves her.
No. It's too fast. and she is too young.
And we're her parents.
We need to protect her.
Uh. protect her from what?
From making a big mistake.
You want me to tell her
to call off her wedding?
Yeah. I think you should.
Why don't you do it?
Because she doesn't listen
to me. She listens to you.
- [Lisa] Rehearsal's up!
- Oh.
Fuck. they need me for rehearsals.
Will you talk to her?
Uh... yeah. sure.
Okay. thanks. Thanks for coming.
It's really good of you.
_
[music playing]
- [Sasha] Hey.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- You're finished already.
Yes. Done for the day.
Um. can we have two negronis. please?
And keep it open. A
lot of people coming.
[sighs]
So...
- So...
- Have you thought about it?
About what?
Designing my house.
[scoffs] I can't design
- your house. Sasha.
- Why the hell not?
Because I have too much going on.
- Like what?
Yes. like what?
Like I just found out my
father has Alzheimer's.
- And?
- And he's completely ruined
- the family's finances.
- Poor you.
My mother is a crazy.
narcissistic bitch.
- Big deal.
- And my neighbor...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...had a one-night stand
with my boyfriend who died.
[chuckles]
Sorry. that's not funny.
- No.
- No. Now she has his baby.
and she wants me to take care of it.
And I already have four kids of my own.
the oldest of whom is getting married.
and Noah wants me to convince
her to call off the wedding.
- Why?
- Because. I don't know.
he doesn't like the guy.
Why doesn't Noah just
talk to her himself?
Because they don't have
that kind of relationship.
Helen. you don't have
to set yourself on fire to
keep other people warm.
I'm not really sure what that means.
You are allowed to say no.
Okay. No. I won't design your house.
Oh. no. no. no. not to me.
- Do you like gin?
- No.
- Of course you do.
- [laughs]
- Cheers.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah. anything.
Except if I'm in love with you.
That's a secret.
Uh. who did you lose?
You said you were grieving.
You really don't know
anything about me. do you?
Not so much.
You don't read the tabloids?
Not since Noah went to prison.
Um. her name was Lily.
and she was my fiancée. and. um...
We met as kids. and
we'd come up together.
And. well. my success was awful for her.
I didn't handle it well.
and-and she felt abandoned.
And as I started working more.
she started using more
until. um...
until she overdosed one day
in our car.
And I was the one who found her.
The newspapers reported
it as a suicide. so...
[Noah] Hey.
Hey.
- Hi.
Good of you to join us.
Yeah. thanks for doing this.
It's a cute idea.
- Something wrong?
- Yeah.
Yeah. something is wrong. Sasha.
I just. uh. got a call from my agents.
They said you told the
studio that you want to...
you want to rewrite the script.
That's not exactly what I said.
but I actually tried to
talk to you about this...
Yeah. well. you got my
fucking attention now.
so what's the problem?
Do you think we should do this
somewhere a bit more private. perhaps?
Lead the way. Maestro.
You gonna be all right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Hi.
- You're the real Helen. right?
- Oh. yeah.
And you're banging Sasha?
- What?
- Well. everybody knows.
Oh...
You must really hate your ex-husband.
- He seems like such a prick.
- Um...
Good for you. honey.
Get your revenge.
- Cheers.
- I'm sorry. I have to go.
[slow. melancholy music]
♪♪♪
You're still up?
Yeah. I can't sleep.
So. why does Stacey have
to sleep with Grandma?
Because Sierra and Eddie are
in Stacey's room tonight.
Okay. fine. Do we have any LaCroix?
Brooklyn's thirsty.
Check the back?
Score.
Brooklyn's staying over?
Uh. yeah.
I'm such a cool mom.
You are a cool mom.
Thanks.
No. no. really.
Just between you and me.
could have been so much worse.
- Thank you.
- So. how long
- is Sierra staying with us?
- I don't know.
Grandma?
I don't know that. either.
I think they're all gonna stay
until they're ready to leave.
Okay. yeah. that's fine.
Then I will be booking an extra
session with my therapist.
You don't have a therapist.
Yeah. but I need one.
- Good night. Mom.
- Good night.
[knocking on door]
[knocking continues]
What?!
- Where is he?
- Who?
I know he's here. Where
the fuck is he? Sasha!
- Oh. God.
- Sasha!
Shut up.
You are wasted.
Go home. Do you want the kids
- to see you like this?
- He's fucking using you. Helen.
He's using you to get to me.
He's playing me. so he wants to fuck you
so he feels closer to me.
Can't you see how pathetic that is?
[quiet. atmospheric music]
It's fucking freezing out
here. Can I just come in?
- No.
- Just... come on.
- Seriously.
Yeah. Go home.
Don't drive. Take an Uber.
I don't care what you do. Just go.
Good night.
Helen. come...
Helen? Helen. I'll call a guy.
- Just let me in.
- [knocking on door]
Come on. Helen.
Helen. come on!
- [snickers]
- Helen!
♪♪♪
[line ringing]
[Sasha] Hello?
Hi.
Are you mad?
No. not mad.
Um. just confused.
I-I told you the worst thing
that ever happened to me.
and you just... disappeared.
I know. I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
D-Do you want to keep talking?
No. not really.
Do you want to do something else?
[both moaning]
- Shh.
- [whispering] What?
- [whispering] Shh. quiet.
- Why?
Because I have a house full of people.
Who's here?
Um... my daughter.
Mm-hmm.
My son.
- His boyfriend.
- [laughs]
Uh. my mother.
You got the whole family.
- And my neighbor.
- [laughing]
Shh. And her baby.
[both laughing]
It's okay.
Mmm.
- Helen.
- Hmm?
- Design my house.
- [chuckles]
Give me a lamp.
Just one room. please.
[chuckling]
[muffled] Just one room.
Just one tiny. little room.
Helen. just give me a rug.
Can-can you give me a rug. please?
Give me a rug.
Can you give me a...?
- [Margaret] Good morning.
- Morning.
- Coffee?
- Sure.
How'd you sleep?
Really well. thanks.
I think I can get the kids enrolled
in the Bridgehampton high
school for the spring semester.
so if you put this house on
the market next month...
Mom. I'm not moving back.
What?
I have a life here.
I'll help you and Dad out
as much as I can.
but I-I'm not moving home.
What am I supposed to do?
You will figure it out.
What's gotten into you?
[Sasha] Good morning.
[slow. quiet music]
♪♪♪
- Hey.
- Hi.
You must be Margaret. I'm Sasha.
- I...
- Pleasure to meet you.
I'd actually love a cup of coffee.
if it's not too much trouble.
Thank you.
♪♪♪
_
[Marcy Playground's "Sex
and Candy" playing]
♪ Like double cherry pie ♪
♪ Yeah. there she was ♪
♪ Like disco superfly ♪
- [children chattering playfully]
- ♪ I smell sex and candy here ♪
♪ Who's that lounging in my chair? ♪
♪ Who's that... ♪
[bartender] Those your kids?
No.
Do I look like the kind of
person who would have kids?
It isn't a crime.
It should be.
♪ This surely is a dream... ♪
No. they're just...
some refugee kids that I met in Senegal.
Oh. yeah?
What were you doing out there?
I'm a coastal engineer.
How's that going?
Not well.
♪ And I had too much caffeine ♪
♪ And I was thinkin' 'bout myself... ♪
[receiver beeps]
- Have a good one.
- Thanks for the tip. Jim.
♪ In platform double suede ♪
♪ Yeah. there she was... ♪
Can I ask you a question?
Shoot.
What's with the electricity out here?
Is the grid completely off?
No. Just ever since the last hurricane.
they only turn it on
between nine and five.
We got our own battery bank. though.
This place used to be so beautiful.
Yeah. well. there aren't enough of us
out here to matter anymore.
We can't afford those wind turbines
they got out in East Hampton. so...
Right.
[bartender] You here for work?
I am.
Oh.
How much do I owe you?
It's on the house.
I haven't seen a face like
yours out here in a while.
I like it.
[tense music]
[both moaning]
Yeah.
- [gasps] Tighter.
- What?
[Joanie grunts]
- Better?
- [grunts. inhales sharply]
- What?
- [panting]
What's up?
It's not working for me.
What the fuck do you want?
You are one sick bitch.
♪♪♪
[Joanie] Stop.
[gasps]
[moaning]
- [bartender] Oh. yeah.
- [Joanie moans]
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com